ref: document `dvc artifacts get` (#4809)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/artifacts/get.md

## Description

Provides a way to download artifacts tracked in a DVC project. Unlike `dvc get`,
`dvc artifacts get` supports downloading an artifact by name, rather than by
path. Likewise, `dvc artifacts get` supports downloading a registered artifact
version or stage, instead of requiring a specified Git revision.

`dvc artifacts get` also supports downloading artifacts both from the
<abbr>model registry</abbr> and from DVC remotes.

<admon type="tip">

Downloading an artifact from the <abbr>model registry</abbr> only requires a
valid Studio
[access token](/doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token).
It does not require the client to have DVC remote credentials.

</admon>

The `url` argument specifies the address of the DVC or Git repository containing
the artifact. Both HTTP and SSH protocols are supported (e.g.
`[user@]server:project.git`). `url` can also be a local file system path
(including the current project e.g. `.`).

The `name` argument specifies the name of the artifact to download. By default
DVC will search for artifacts declared in a `dvc.yaml` file located at the root
of the DVC repository. Artifacts declared in other `dvc.yaml` files should be

> addressed in the form `path/to/dvc.yaml:artifact_name`.
> 
> <admon icon="tip">
> 
> DVC also accepts <abbr>model registry</abbr>/[GTO](/doc/gto) style names in the
> form `path/to:artifact_name` (where `dvc.yaml` is omitted).
> 
> </admon>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
addressed in the form `path/to/dvc.yaml:artifact_name` or `path/to:artifact_name` (where `dvc.yaml` is omitted).
```

Same as above.

## artifacts get

> Download an artifact tracked in a DVC project into the current working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download an <abbr>artifact</abbr> tracked in a DVC project into the current working
```

directory.

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc artifacts get [-h] [-q | -v]
                         [--rev [<version>]] [--stage [<stage>]]
                         [-o [<path>]] [-j <number>] [-f]
                         [--config CONFIG]
                         [--remote REMOTE] [--remote-config [REMOTE_CONFIG ...]]
                         url name

positional arguments:
  url                   Location of DVC repository to download from
  name                  Name of artifact in the repository
```

## Description

Provides a way to download artifacts tracked in a DVC project. Unlike `dvc get`,
`dvc artifacts get` supports downloading an artifact by name, rather than by
path. Likewise, `dvc artifacts get` supports downloading a registered artifact
version or stage, instead of requiring a specified Git revision.

> `dvc artifacts get` also supports downloading artifacts both from the
> [Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry) and from DVC
> remotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dvc artifacts get` also supports downloading artifacts both from the
<abbr>model registry</abbr> and from DVC
remotes.
```

<admon type="tip">

> Downloading an artifact from the Studio Model Registry only requires a valid
> Studio
> [access token](/doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token).
> It does not require the client to have DVC remote credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloading an artifact from the <abbr>model registry</abbr> only requires a valid
Studio
[access token](/doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token).
It does not require the client to have DVC remote credentials.
```

</admon>

The `url` argument specifies the address of the DVC or Git repository containing
the artifact. Both HTTP and SSH protocols are supported (e.g.
`[user@]server:project.git`). `url` can also be a local file system path
(including the current project e.g. `.`).

The `name` argument specifies the name of the artifact to download. By default
DVC will search for artifacts declared in a `dvc.yaml` file located at the root
of the DVC repository. Artifacts declared in other `dvc.yaml` files should be
addressed in the form `path/to/dvc.yaml:artifact_name`.

<admon icon="tip">

> DVC also accepts GTO/Studio Model Registry style names in the form
> `path/to:artifact_name` (where `dvc.yaml` is omitted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVC also accepts <abbr>model registry</abbr>/[GTO](/doc/gto) style names in the form
`path/to:artifact_name` (where `dvc.yaml` is omitted).
```

</admon>

<admon type="info">

> `dvc artifacts get` will first try to download artifacts via the Studio Model
> Registry. If you do not have a valid Studio token, or the artifact is not
> tracked in the Studio Model Registry, DVC will fall back to downloading the
> artifact from the project's default DVC remote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dvc artifacts get` will first try to download artifacts via the <abbr>model
registry</abbr>. If you do not have a valid Studio token, or the artifact is not
tracked in the model registry, DVC will fall back to downloading the
artifact from the project's default DVC remote.
```

  repository. Only applicable when downloading artifacts from a DVC remote.

- `-h`, `--help` - prints the usage/help message, and exit.

- `-q`, `--quiet` - do not write anything to standard output. Exit with 0 if no
  problems arise, otherwise 1.

- `-v`, `--verbose` - displays detailed tracing information.

## Example: Download an artifact from a DVC remote

```cli
$ dvc artifacts get https://github.com/iterative/example-get-started.git text-classification --rev=v1.0.0
Downloaded 1 file(s) to 'model.pkl'
```

In this example, we download version `v1.0.0` of the artifact. Since we have no
Studio credentials set in our environment, `dvc artifacts get` will download the
artifact from the default DVC remote defined in the repository.

## Example: Download an artifact using a Studio token

```cli
$ DVC_STUDIO_TOKEN=mytoken dvc artifacts get https://github.com/iterative/example-get-started.git text-classification --stage=prod
Downloaded 1 file(s) to 'model.pkl'
```

In this example, we download stage `prod` of the artifact. Since we have set our
Studio access token in the `DVC_STUDIO_TOKEN` environment variable,

> `dvc artifacts get` will download the artifact via the Studio Model Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dvc artifacts get` will download the artifact via the <abbr>model registry</abbr>
```

## artifacts get

Download an artifact tracked in a DVC project into the current working
directory.

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc artifacts get [-h] [-q | -v]
                         [--rev [<version>]] [--stage [<stage>]]
                         [-o [<path>]] [-j <number>] [-f]
                         [--config CONFIG]
                         [--remote REMOTE] [--remote-config [REMOTE_CONFIG ...]]
                         url name

positional arguments:
  url                   Location of DVC repository to download from
  name                  Name of artifact in the repository
```

## Description

> Provides an easy way to download artifacts tracked in a DVC project.

Reviewer 2: `an easy way` -> `a way`

`dvc artifacts get` supports downloading artifacts both from the
[Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry) and from DVC
remotes. Unlike `dvc get`, `dvc artifacts get` supports downloading an artifact

> by name, rather than by path.

Reviewer: Minor, but I would flip the last two sentences. Also, let's mention that it supports downloading an artifact not only by name, but also by version and/or stage.

<admon type="tip">

Downloading an artifact from the Studio Model Registry only requires a valid
Studio
[access token](/doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token).
It does not require the client to have DVC remote credentials.

</admon>

The `url` argument specifies the address of the DVC or Git repository containing
the artifact. Both HTTP and SSH protocols are supported (e.g.
`[user@]server:project.git`). `url` can also be a local file system path
(including the current project e.g. `.`).

The `name` argument specifies the name of the artifact to download.

<admon type="info">

> `dvc artifacts get` will first try to download artifacts from Studio. If you do

Reviewer 2: `from Studio` reads a bit like Studio itself is hosting them. Can we change it a bit? explain the benefit of this?

Author: This feels like something that should be documented on the Studio side, especially given that the Studio frontend is also going to provide download links using the signed https URLs. (And then the `dvc artifacts get` docs can link the Studio page for details)

related: https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4681
(I'm not sure that PR should have been closed?)

Reviewer: Let's get #4681 merged and then link it here.

Reviewer: @pmrowla Can you set this PR to be on top of #4681 and reference the studio api docs here?

Reviewer: ping @pmrowla

Reviewer: Let's add it in #4681

  from the remote. The default value is `4 * cpu_count()`. Using more jobs may
  speed up the operation. Note that the default value can be set in the source
  repo using the `jobs` config option of `dvc remote modify`.

- `-f`, `--force` - when using `--out` to specify a local target file or
  directory, the operation will fail if those paths already exist. this flag
  will force the operation causing local files/dirs to be overwritten by the
  command.

- `--config <path>` - path to a [config file](/doc/command-reference/config)
  that will be merged with the config in the target repository.

- `--remote <name>` - name of the `dvc remote` to set as a default in the target
  repository. Only applicable when downloading artifacts from a DVC remote.

- `--remote-config [<name>=<value> ...]` - `dvc remote` config options to merge
  with a remote's config (default or one specified by `--remote`) in the target
  repository. Only applicable when downloading artifacts from a DVC remote.

- `-h`, `--help` - prints the usage/help message, and exit.

- `-q`, `--quiet` - do not write anything to standard output. Exit with 0 if no
  problems arise, otherwise 1.

> - `-v`, `--verbose` - displays detailed tracing information.

Reviewer: Can we add at least one example?
